Add 1117 (#72)
mattpocock/ts-error-translator: packages/engine/errors/1117.md

---
original: "An object literal cannot have multiple properties with the same name."

> excerpt: "Object has the same property multiple times"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "You can't add the same property multiple times to an object."
```

---

I expect objects to have unique property names, like this one:

```ts

> const dish={

Reviewer: Could you reformat this with prettier?
